All right.
So in the previous lesson, we started implementing our include job by skill getter.
And in this lesson, I want to make sure that we account for two possible edge cases when it comes to
this getter.
The first is the case of character casing and more specifically, character casing mismatches.
So imagine for a second that the user has a skills search term that is the string view, but in all
lowercase.
In that case, this code will not work because JavaScript and TypeScript cares about character casing
and the includes method will not find a match if there is a mismatch in casing.
So what I mean by that is a lowercase string like the UI is not going to be found in this string because
the checker is going to say a capital V is not equal to a lowercase v.
So I want to make sure that whatever the user types, I account for any potential mismatches in the
casing of their characters.
I don't want the user to worry about whether it's lowercase or uppercase or an exact match.
I just want them to enter the technology they're passionate about and felt are the right jobs for them.
So what I'm going to do here is add a new test and that test is going to be it handles inconsistent
character casing.
And for this test, I'm basically going to copy what I have above, since the test logic is going to
be very similar and all that I'm going to modify is going to be my skills search firm and let's make
it something wacky.
So how about Vue?
But I'm going to do Vue and then Capital E, just something super crazy.
You know, maybe the user's having a broken keyboard or a bad typing day.
I've certainly had many of those and probably captured them on camera for this course many times as
well.
So let's pretend the user types this.
I want to make the experience as seamless and as comfortable for them as possible.
So I want to make sure we do match the job right there.
And of course, if I run this test, we're going to see it's not going to pass, because the title right
here in this case, the capital title of you developer, is not going to include the lowercase string
of you or this specific string of view with a capital E.
So one very simple common solution for a problem like this is to normalize both of the strings that
we're comparing.
And all that normalized means is we take care of any casing issues by forcing the string to be of a
specific type.
So what I mean by that is we can lowercase our job title right here, which will force all of the characters
to be in lowercase.
And we can also lowercase this skills search term string right here.
And then we're going to be guaranteed to comparing two lowercase strings with each other.
We're going to basically get rid of these disparities and thus allow JavaScript to do a match on to
lowercase strings.
An alternative solution, of course, is making both strings uppercase.
It doesn't really matter which one you do, as long as it's consistent.
And that way we're going to get rid of things like this by simply lowercase in both of these strings.
So we're going to basically compare a view to view developer in this scenario, and that's not going
to be a problem for the includes method.
All right.
So to do that, I have to rely on a trusty string method available in JavaScript and TypeScript called
two lowercase.
So first up on my title string right here, I'm going to call the two lowercase method.
That's going to return a new string.
And on that return string, I'm going to call the includes method.
And here I'm not just going to pass in this skills search term string, I'm going to pass it in in lowercase
as well by calling the two lowercase method on it as well.
And in case you're worried, don't worry, the two lowercase method does not mutate.
It simply returns a new string object.
Technically a new string primitive.
But that's getting super nitty gritty into the details of JavaScript.
In TypeScript.
The point is we're not going to accidentally mutate the state.
This is going to return a brand new string as well.
This so we're not going to accidentally make any changes to our view store in our getter.
And you can see with that our test is passing.
One other thing that I want to account for is very similar to what we accounted for in our previous
getters right here.
I want to make sure that if the user has not entered any skill, in other words, if they have not put
anything into that input box, I do want to include that job because if I do not do that, then every
job will fail this getter, and if it does that, then there will be no filter jobs, the shell on the
right hand side.
So I'm going to add a new test and if it fails, then we'll figure out a way to fix it.
And if it succeeds, then we'll know that our current implementation is covering that case and I don't
need to worry about it.
So right here, I'm going to describe.
When the user has not entered any skill.
What do I expect to happen?
I expect that it should include the jobs that it includes job.
Once again, what I can do is copy basically the test they have right here because it's going to be
very similar.
The only thing we're going to modify, of course, is that we no longer want the skills search term
property to have a string.
We're going to have it empty, which is a starting state, and we expect that this job should be included
because if the user's not entered anything, this job is valid and so should every other job.
All right.
Now, the good news is our test is already passing this.
We don't need to add anything else, in other words, so we don't need to add any other if statement
like if, you know, state that skill search term, that length equals zero.
It looks like this logic by itself is good enough and I'm guessing that has something to do with how
JavaScript looks for it.
The includes method in a string.
I believe the way it works is when we call includes on a string like this and we check for the presence
of an empty string that will always return true and thus this scenario is already accounted for.
However, I feel good about leaving this test in here because it gives me again a little bit of confidence
that we've accounted for this scenario and we have a test to prove it.
All right.
So that makes our include job by skill getter be a lot more better, a lot more well-rounded and capture
these two potential edge cases.
All right.
So more progress on the scatter.
And I will see you in the next lesson.